Doc/#392 - Documentation for Data migration API (#499)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

       * `is_deletable()^` checks if an entity can be deleted.

> - A production version of the application can now be provided with migration functions, to help making

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A production version of the application can now be provided with migration functions to help 
```

>   sure that entities from all production versions are compatible with each other.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ensure that entities from all production versions are compatible with each other.<br/>
```

>   See the [Production mode](./manuals/core/versioning/production_mode.md) documentation page for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information, please refer to [Production mode](./manuals/core/versioning/production_mode.md).
```
